README.md, before:

# Simple Calculator

A simple pocket-style calculator written in JavaScript. It was originally
created for [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/).

## Functions

The operators and other supported functions are summarized in the table below.

| Button      | Keyboard Shortcut | Description                   |
| ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------------------- |
| +           | +                 | Addition                      |
| -           | -                 | Subtraction                   |
| &times;     | *                 | Multiplication                |
| &divide;    | /                 | Division                      |
| .           | .                 | Decimal point                 |
| &radic;     | s q r t           | Square root                   |
| =           | =                 | Result                        |
| %           | %                 | Percent                       |
| &plusmn;    | None              | Toggle sign                   |
| C           | Escape            | Clear/reset                   |
| MC          | m c               | Memory clear                  |
| MR          | m r               | Memory recall                 |
| M-          | m -               | Memory subtraction            |
| M+          | m +               | Memory addition               |

Commit message:

Add Features section to README.md

README.md, after:

# Simple Calculator

A simple pocket-style calculator written in JavaScript. It was originally
created for [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/).


## Features

- Easy to read 10-digit display with commas inserted for digit grouping


## Functions

The operators and other supported functions are summarized in the table below.

| Button      | Keyboard Shortcut | Description                   |
| ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------------------- |
| +           | +                 | Addition                      |
| -           | -                 | Subtraction                   |
| &times;     | *                 | Multiplication                |
| &divide;    | /                 | Division                      |
| .           | .                 | Decimal point                 |
| &radic;     | s q r t           | Square root                   |
| =           | =                 | Result                        |
| %           | %                 | Percent                       |
| &plusmn;    | None              | Toggle sign                   |
| C           | Escape            | Clear/reset                   |
| MC          | m c               | Memory clear                  |
| MR          | m r               | Memory recall                 |
| M-          | m -               | Memory subtraction            |
| M+          | m +               | Memory addition               |
